NOTES FROM THE LAST ROW
P.S. PROFESSOR HEO.
THAT’S THE END OF MS. AHN’S ACCOUNT
THE HOSPITAL CORRIDOR SMELLED OF
DISINFECTANT
KIM SU-HUN PRACTICALLY RAN
TO THE EMERGENCY ROOM
HIS FINGERS
THE MACHINE KEEPING MIN-HUI
ALIVE STARTED BEEPING
NOTES FROM THE LAST ROW
AUTHOR: HEO MUN-OH
CALLS
13 MISSED CALLS FROM LEE KANG
VOICEMAIL SE-YUN
2023 NOVEL LITERARY AWARD
AUTHOR KIM SU-HUN
LEE KANG
MR. HEO MUN-OH
FORUM REPORTING PROFESSOR HEO MUN-OH
THAT’S WHY YOU’VE BEEN SO BUSY
BUT YOU’VE BEEN CAUGHT
TRASH BELONGS IN THE TRASH CAN!
PROFESSOR HEO.
HERE IS MY LAST ASSIGNMENT
NEW DRIVER
YEONSEO UNIVERSITY COLLEGE OF LIBERAL ARTS
PROFESSOR HEO MUN-OH
FRESHMEN.
CONGRATULATIONS ON YOUR ADMISSION!
SHH! PROFESSORS’ OFFICES ARE HERE
PROFESSOR’S OFFICE. HEO MUN-OH
OUT TEACHING
SECRETLY. WITHIN THE CALM OF THE
PARK FAMILY. HIS LIFE…
NOTES FROM THE LAST ROW